Add database notification functionality and configuration variables for schema reloading (#408)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: schema_cache.rst

Schema Cache Reloading
----------------------

> There are two ways of refreshing the cache without restarting the PostgREST server: using Unix signals or sending a database notification.
> 
> Unix Signals
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Send a SIGUSR1 signal to the server process.

Reviewer: My bad about this, I've now realized that this division doesn't make sense because SIGUSR2 would go in another page. So let's go back to the previous paragraph.

```suggestion
To refresh the cache without restarting the PostgREST server, send the server process a SIGUSR1 signal.
```

     # or in docker-compose
     docker-compose kill -s SIGUSR1 <service>

> Another option is to send a `database notification event <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_ from any PostgreSQL client by executing the ``NOTIFY`` command as follows:

Reviewer: @laurenceisla I think we need some subheadings for making this more clear. So the first part for reloading would be about "Unix Signals" and the second about "NOTIFY"(postgres native IPC).

     # or in docker-compose
     docker-compose kill -s SIGUSR1 <service>

Another option is to send a `database notification event <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_ from any PostgreSQL client by executing the ``NOTIFY`` command as follows:

.. code-block:: postgresql

  NOTIFY pgrst

  -- Works the same way as:

  NOTIFY pgrst, 'reload schema'

.. important::

  The ``db-channel-enable`` :ref:`configuration parameter <db-channel-enabled>` enables the notification channel by default.

>   This setting is incompatible with connection poolers like PgBouncer in transaction pooling mode. Set it to ``false`` if you are using PostgREST behind a connection pooler.

Reviewer: Ditto.
```suggestion
```

     # or in docker-compose
     docker-compose kill -s SIGUSR1 <service>

Another option is to send a `database notification event <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_ using the ``NOTIFY`` command. To enable this feature, you need to add these variables to the configuration file:

.. code::

  # postgrest.conf

> 
>   # The name of the notification channel PostgREST will listen to
>   db-channel = pgrst

Reviewer: `db-channel=pgrst` is set by default, I think we can omit this setting. `db-channel-enabled=true` is the only requisite.
```suggestion
```

     # or in docker-compose
     docker-compose kill -s SIGUSR1 <service>

> Another option is to send a `database notification event <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_. To enable this feature, add this variable to the configuration file:
> 
> .. code::
> 
>   # postgrest.conf
> 
>   db-channel-enabled = true
> 

Reviewer: Mentioning the config parameter in the paragraph gives us the opportunity to link:
```suggestion
Another option is to send a `database notification event <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_. To enable this feature, set db-channel-enabled(link here) to true.
```

This way, the schema cache can be reloaded from any PostgreSQL client executing the ``NOTIFY`` command on the default channel:

.. code-block:: postgresql

  NOTIFY pgrst

  -- Works the same way as:

  NOTIFY pgrst, 'reload schema'

.. important::

>    The ``NOTIFY`` command is not compatible with connection poolers like PgBouncer in transaction pooling mode.

Reviewer: Ah, it's not the NOTIFY that's not compatible, it's the LISTEN that we do internally.

(could need rewording)
```suggestion
   db-channel is not compatible with connection poolers like PgBouncer in transaction pooling mode. Set it to false if you're using PostgREST behind a connection pooler.
```

Author: I used the [SQL feature map](https://www.pgbouncer.org/features.html#sql-feature-map-for-pooling-modes) from PgBouncer as reference, it mentions both `LISTEN/NOTIFY` as incompatible. However, I like the way you worded it, it includes the whole feature there.

     # or in docker-compose
     docker-compose kill -s SIGUSR1 <service>

.. _schema_reloading_notify:

> NOTIFY
> ~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reloading with NOTIFY
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> Send a `database notification <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_ from any PostgreSQL client by executing the ``NOTIFY`` command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are environments where you can't easily send Unix Signals(like managed containers in cloud services). For this reason, PostgREST also allows you to reload its state through PostgreSQL `NOTIFY <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_ as follows:

Author: I think we could add that NOTIFY can help on Windows systems too,  according to #114. 

```suggestion
There are environments where you can't send the SIGUSR1 Unix Signal (like on managed containers in cloud services or on Windows systems). For this reason, PostgREST also allows you to reload its schema cache through PostgreSQL `NOTIFY <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-notify.html>`_ as follows:
```

Reviewer: Yeah! Mentioning Windows would be great too.

.. code-block:: postgresql

>   NOTIFY pgrst
> 
>   -- Works the same way as:
> 
>   NOTIFY pgrst, 'reload schema'

Reviewer: I'd prefer to be explicit here, the empty body NOTIFY might change in the future.
```suggestion
  NOTIFY pgrst, 'reload schema'
```

>   NOTIFY pgrst
> 
>   -- Works the same way as:
> 
>   NOTIFY pgrst, 'reload schema'

Reviewer: The empty body NOTIFY might change in the future, it'd be better to be explicit here.
```suggestion
  NOTIFY pgrst, 'reload schema'
```

> .. note::
> 
>   The :ref:`db-channel-enabled` config option enables the notification channel by default.
>   This setting is incompatible with connection poolers such as PgBouncer in transaction pooling mode and should be set to ``false`` in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The ``"pgrst"`` notification channel is enabled by default. For configuring the channel, see :ref:`db-channel` and :ref:`db-channel-enabled`.
```

Automatic schema cache reloading
********************************

> If the notification event is set to fire on a database event trigger, then automatic schema cache reloading is possible. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do automatic schema cache reloading in a pure SQL way with an `event trigger <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/event-trigger-definition.html>`_ and ``NOTIFY``.
```
